0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

    This word refers to a lung disease that is otherwise known as silicosis.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

    Function getrusage() returns resource usage measures.

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type 
    struct rusage?

    The struct rusage has 2 members with type of struct and 14 members with 
    type of long. Total is 16 members.

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value)
    to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?

    If we pass before and after by value to calculate, it would give a big bunch 
    of variables (content of two structures of rusage is 32 in total). 

4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about 
    reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed 
    understand how that function’s for loop works.

    Using the for loop, main reads the words from the file character by character.
    Words can only consist of letters and apostrophes. To form the word, the 
    main uses an array and an index, which acts as a pointer. If the string 
    is too long to be a word or contains numbers, while loop "comes" to the end 
    of current string without writing to array. Index, in the same time, "comes" 
    to the begin of word array to prepare for new word.
    
    Next, main completes the current word with '\0' and increments the words 
    counter. Function check() used to check word's spelling. Calculate() returns 
    time of checking. If there is misspelled or a word is absent in the dictionary, 
    it is printed, and the number of misspellings is increased by 1. At the end of 
    for loop index again "comes" to the begin of word array to prepare for new word.

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time 
    rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words 
    at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?

    If we use fscanf, we can control the string only after it would be read. 
    We will need an additional test to see if the string contains a number, 
    and whether the character '\0' is present. If the string is larger than 
    the word array, the character '\0' will not be written.

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const 
    (which means "constant")?

    In this case it will be impossible to change this parameters inside check and load.
